I'm really confused.
Really confused.
This.
Okay, I know.
What's wrong? My grandmother is not well.
Previously, they tried to force me to get married and did not cooperate with treatment.
Now we're arguing again.
So we'll go visit your grandmother right now.
Tell her you're married, wait a minute.
My grandmother had a bit of trouble.
Sorry.
You can rest assured.
I have always been loved by the elderly.
You are so good to me, I will definitely help you solve it.
Ms. Deputy General Director did not cooperate with treatment
No one can enter.
We also didn't dare to rush in, you see.
Work hard.
Doctors must obey orders.
He's not bad enough to break the doctor's bill.
Grandma, stop it.
Come see.
I brought you my granddaughter-in-law.